tactic has something for me always of the
Rules of the game in the market the word tactics
not so much because that sounds
always so chemical on so i can handle it
with the term tactics nothing nothing
to begin
for me it is important that in games
a certain order that it has
There are positions that are occupied and the
both in the forward movement as well
are occupied in the backward movement
we we have in the film nothing in it
what about the backward movement
but we want the game
move forward that is the central
my point of view is if the
players reasonably well in theory
they are trained so they know how
they have to stand on the defensive
then you will come across your good pass
and positional play with the ball in the
offensive
and now begins in the opponent
half the creativity of the players here
of course I have to be very technical
be good and there is no need
youth coach before watching if the
basis is laid then I can at this
work delicacies that is a long one
path
I have a very long time for it myself
also used with my team which
caretaker but you can see from year to year
the success and that is the most important
to keep evolving and that
potential of his players at the maximum
auszureizen
and there are many possibilities for
But I always think you have to
A goal has to be put on this one
It is not allowed to describe oneself away
get irritated and then you will
away also at the conclusion one is to
also measured the way
the players want to develop further
One can one has in the club or
in his team as a coach and
long shelf life if if I have
always incorporate new things
let and not always just the same
sequences but the game is always creative
developed further and here is no
to be afraid of having both in youth
area as well as in the mens area itself
to be guided by ideas and in which
film are just a lot of many ideas in it
and I always just want to say that it is
no one on one
but he has to do that creatively
continue to break down to its level
may or even at its level hair
so if my games break up then you can break high
the conditions provide that they are
then I can give a look
many are ideas and can not always
but it is implemented one to one
maybe you can also share it
can be taken or it can be sequences
fit me well with the game character
the player I am in mine
So I try that team
maybe somehow teach that
and to give the team as an idea
Without an idea, a team is lost
and it does not matter if we're with
Two points play with a point
play on the two hanging 210
Two six or something to play
important is that the players the
have an idea what I want
How would I like to get there?
and that the coach just made him one
given the idea we can do it
to reach
and if you trust that and then you have to
of course you bring stable to buback
then he will become the player too
follow and then you will cross over
You will become medium term or long term
the successes also tell you about yourself
gladly wishes as a trainer